Update Release Timeline and Release Management Page (#338)
catenax-eV/catenax-ev.github.io: src/pages/release-management.md

Both layers have their own release processes and responsibilities. However, they are closely connected. Changes to governance artefacts may require updates to technical implementations, while implementation experience may result in improvements to standards and specifications. Coordinating these dependencies is a key objective of Release Management.

:::info

This page summarizes the most important aspects of Release Management. Further details are available in the Operating Model under [How: Life Cycle Management](/docs/operating-model/how-life-cycle-management).

An overview of upcoming ecosystem releases is available in the [**Timelines**](/timelines).

:::

## Catena-X Ecosystem Releases

To provide participants with a consistent target for implementation and certification, Catena-X publishes coordinated ecosystem releases.

Each ecosystem release combines:

- Normative artefacts published by the Catena-X association, such as standards and certification requirements.
- Corresponding technical assets provided by the Eclipse Tractus-X community, such as KITs, semantic models and reference implementations.

> Although both organizations manage their own release processes, the ecosystem release ensures that these artefacts are aligned and can be adopted together by ecosystem participants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the Catena-X Association and the Eclipse Tractus-X Project manage their own release processes, the ecosystem release ensures that these artefacts are aligned and can be adopted together by ecosystem participants.
```
Note: just nitpicking here, but Tractus-X is technically a project and not an organization.

| CX-Titan   | 18.03.2026                                               | 09.06.2026                                |

> | CX-Neptune | 16.09.2026                                               | TBD                                       |

Reviewer: Should we update this list?

Author: Yeah, definitely. To be honest, I was a little tired yesterday and just couldn't do it anymore. I'll update it today :)
